c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\PhotoApp.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\PhotoApp.pdb
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\PhotoApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\PhotoApp.dll
c:\users\nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\obj\Debug\PhotoApp.pdb
C:\Users\Nathanael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PhotoApp\PhotoApp\bin\Devart.Data.MySql.Vs.dll
